Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to test the RTX 3060 and
creating this workflow using the LTX
video final version 0.9.8.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first uh go here uh
download the CUI portable and the L6
video
0.9.8 8 on this link
you can download the LTX 0.9
on this GitHub my new version
go down here for me have the RTX
3060 I want to choose the 2 billion
cuz it's a low GPU
it runs fast with this uh LX version
okay when you have higher if you have
higher GPU like RTX 4090 RTX
5090 or RTX
black web
a 6 minus you can use this version
okay I download this press
this one
get model and I go here copy download
or download from this. After that, I go
here,
add my URL and download this version
using
the ITM.
Download this form. First of all, after
download the IC Lora deterior from this,
after downloading this,
we have to go ahead
download the CIA portable from this
link.
We should to go here
this GitHub
and go down right here. Select the
portable version direct download
if and when the downloading is done
extracted
fully extracted here in the desktop.
After that we have this one. We need to
run with the Nvidia GPU as fast. Okay,
let's
once it's download before we done this
we have to go ahead
on the list checkpoint in this checks.
After the downloading is done, copy from
the downloads and paste the LTX to be
the file that I download previously.
Although I see Laura
this one
detail
here from modus
go down search for Laura and paste in
this place.
Okay. After that, you want to choose a
custom workflow that allows me to render
a video fast with my RTX 3060.
Okay, this works flow and
you can get it in the link in the
description and other links from this
one, this link, and this one.
Okay, let's begin the work.
Uh, let's go here to the camp UI
portable run GPU first. It needs some
time to run.
Okay,
lo this and close this.
Okay, this is the custom workflow.
It's uh a little bit complex.
Now let's go here. Let's begin.
Well, uh the first time you need is down
to download this by XXL
and add it right here. After that,
we need a prompt. You can get prompt for
your story or another video using a chat
GPD. Frame rate is make it 24 or fastest
as possible.
Let me use this one. The tx the file as
I downloaded this selected.
After that you need what else?
This the w and the heist of the video
number of frame is the time of the
video. I think this one
maybe 12 seconds.
If you want the highest video extend the
video can get 500
600 420 seconds 30 seconds I don't know
choose what do you want I want to choose
this one 10 seconds video 11 seconds
and
for the RTX 3060
you need this quality or you can change
it like this
to get a best quality. uh this one
okay get
the best quality but you can if you want
to use highest quality as
HD or full HD
it's must uh not run because it's still
in the text manager it's out of the GPU
okay I think it's done
uh this one. Now let's test it out.
Okay, let's choose this uh
prompt.
Click run and let's
now it takes time to run and let's see
my GPU
in this place.
You can
go right here with the 12% on the video.
Boom. Okay, it begins.
Look at the GPU.
It's It's
GHz of the GPU. It's a lot. Look at the
RAM. It shows 23 what
of the
CPU it's consume lot of energy
but it's fast
Okay, it's fine right now.
VIE decoder
video combine after this and the video R
is done.
It consumes a lot of the GPU memory.
How many?
Okay, it's fine. This is the video of
the car. Wow, the quality is good. Now,
how can I find this video? I cannot
download from this.
Uh, okay. We have to go here.
Copy output file path.
Go to any window.
Paste it.
Delete this.
This is my video.
It's 12 seconds.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial. See you later in
the next tutorial.